c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TwitterProject.dll.config
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TwitterProject.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TwitterProject.pdb
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\obj\Debug\TwitterProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\obj\Debug\TwitterProject.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\obj\Debug\TwitterProject.pdb
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dnzys\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Hammock.ClientProfile.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TweetSharp.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Hammock.ClientProfile.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TweetSharp.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TwitterProject.dll.config
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TwitterProject.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TwitterProject.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TweetSharp.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\TweetSharp.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\obj\Debug\TwitterProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\obj\Debug\TwitterProject.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\obj\Debug\TwitterProject.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Hammock.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\OLDPROJECTS\TwitterProject\TwitterProject\bin\Hammock.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\TwitterProject.dll.config
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\TwitterProject.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\TwitterProject.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Hammock.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\TweetSharp.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Hammock.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\bin\TweetSharp.pdb
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\obj\Debug\TwitterProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\obj\Debug\TwitterProject.dll
C:\Users\dnzys\Desktop\TwitterProject2\TwitterProject\obj\Debug\TwitterProject.pdb
